\section{The DCPT And TS Implementation}
\label{section:scheme}

For testing the prefetchers using the M5 simulator, we have been given a simple
framework which takes care of most of the work of setting up and interfacing with
M5. This framework requires us to implement three callbacks.

\begin{enumerate}
	\item \textbf{prefetch\_init}
		This function is called before the first memory access to let the
		prefetchers initialize their data structures.
	\item \textbf{prefetch\_access}
		This function is called whenever the cache is accessed, both for hits
		and for misses.
	\item \textbf{prefetch\_complete}
		This function is called when a prefetch request has been completed.
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Simulator Setup}

The simulator is configured with a block size of 64 bytes. The largest possible
memory address is $2^{28}-1$, and up to 100 prefetching requests can be pending
at once. M5 is configured with a two level cache setup where level 2 (L2) is 1MiB, 
and level 1 (L1) is split into a 32KiB instruction cache and a 64KiB data
cache. We implement the prefetcher for the L2 cache, and there is no prefetching 
for the L1 cache. 

\todo[inline]{Above to-do is not complete. Nico told me each time I was in the
office that we needed to expand on this. I believe he meant for us to look into
the configurations described in the user\_doc source and repeat (in shorter
words) what it says about the M5 configuration.}

\subsection{TS Implementation}

The TS prefetcher is implemented within the functions \textbf{prefetch\_access}
and \textbf{prefetch\_complete}. The implementation directly follows the
algorithm.

\textbf{prefetch\_complete} simply sets the prefetch bit on all the blocks that
are prefetched into the cache, to keep track on the cache content that
originates from prefetching. When data is accessed by the CPU
\textbf{prefetch\_access} will check if the prefetch bit of the respective data
is set. If the bit is set, and if successive data is not already in the cache,
prefetching will be requested.

The function also requests prefetching of successive data when a cache miss is
reported. Prefetching is performed with the given degree and distance in both
cases.

\subsection{DCPT Implementation}

The DCPT implementation attempts to follow the pseudocode described in the
original implementation~\cite{dcpt} as closely as possible.

The prefetcher allocates the data structures statically, so there is nothing to do in \textbf{prefetch\_init}.

The main algorithm is implemented in \textbf{prefetch\_access}. When the cache
is accessed, the prefetcher looks up the entry corresponding to the current
program counter (PC), re-initializing the entry if it was currently in use by
another instruction. It then compares the current address with the last address
accessed by the current instruction and inserts the delta between these
addresses into the ring buffer.

The prefetcher then searches the ring buffer for patterns matching the last two
deltas, and uses the longest matching sequence of deltas to predict which
addresses will be accessed next. It then performs some sanity checks to verify
that the candidate addresses are not in the cache, the MSHR queue, and not
already queued for prefetching, before issuing the prefetch of the block
containing this address.

In \textbf{prefetch\_complete} the prefetcher removes blocks from the
\emph{inFlight} set, used to keep track of blocks which are currently queued for
prefetching.

The prefetcher can be configured by adjusting three parameters; the number of
entries in the table, the number of deltas per entry and the size in bits of
each delta.

\subsection{Overhead}

The TS prefetcher requires one bit per cache block to store the associated tag.
Since the L2 cache is 1MiB, and each cache block is 64 bytes, this amounts to
$\frac{1}{512} \approx 0.2\%$ overhead.

The amount of storage used by the DCPT prefetcher, however, can be configured
independently of the cache and memory sizes. The only limitation being that each
entry contains three address fields which must be wide enough to cover the
address space of the system. Apart from that, we can arbitrarily choose the size
and number of deltas, as well as the number of entries in the table.

The total storage in bits required by the DCPT implementation is
\begin{equation*}
V = N_e (3 w_a + N_d w_d) + N_f w_a
\end{equation*}
where $N_e$ is the number of entries in the table, $N_d$ is the number of deltas
per entry, $w_a$ is the number of bits needed to store an address, $w_d$ is the
number of bits per delta, and $N_f$ is the number of entries in the
\emph{inFlight} set.
