
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 755710                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 202292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   180.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1128944281                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   136139203                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.203377                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                203376692000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           37231301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 38620.848810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35620.848810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               37185802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency     1757210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.001222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                45499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1620713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           45499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses              15916                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                  15876                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency        2240000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.002513                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                   40                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      2120000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.002513                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses              40                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          20864304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 55999.835474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52999.835474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              20754899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    6126662000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.005244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              109405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   5798447000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005244                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         109405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 384.666925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses            58095605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 50895.212519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 47895.212519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                57940701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency      7883872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.002666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                154904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   7419160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           154904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.997952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4087.609698                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses           58095605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 50895.212519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 47895.212519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits               57940701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency     7883872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.002666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses               154904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   7419160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          154904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 146582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 150678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4087.609698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 57960843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              778280000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   107279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          134553584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 16936.029600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 13936.029600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              134366560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency     3167444000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.001390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses               187024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   2606372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          187024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 718.445547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           134553584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 16936.029600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 13936.029600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               134366560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency      3167444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.001390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                187024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2606372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses           187024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.978865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0           2004.715107                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          134553584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 16936.029600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 13936.029600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              134366560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency     3167444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.001390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses               187024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2606372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses          187024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 184976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 187024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               2004.715107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                134366560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle           144812317000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          105179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   5469308000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            105179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   4207160000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       105179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            232523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                192777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    2066792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.170934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               39746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1589840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.170934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          39746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses           4266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency 51780.590717                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency    220896000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses             4266                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency    170640000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses         4266                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          107279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              107279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  1.433874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             337702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 192777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency     7536100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.429151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               144925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   5797000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.429151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          144925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.120206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.469380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          3938.922202                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         15380.640176                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            337702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                192777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency    7536100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.429151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              144925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   5797000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.429151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         144925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                120487                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                139197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             19319.562378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  199591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   87414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        406753384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        136139203                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          58160249                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls            1946                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
