
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 339664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    76.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 143842                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.011048                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    11048357                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99774                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53674                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99259                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54198                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99555                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53890                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99932                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53513                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53445                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99914                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53531                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99770                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53674                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99868                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53576                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
