
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1720597                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 232456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   127.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1967834922                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   219431024                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.250962                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                250962187000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           56682008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 55107.033639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52105.504587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               56681681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       18020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                  327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     17038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          20515730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              20514126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      89824000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.000078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                1604                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency     85012000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           1604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               40522.746982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses            77197738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 55848.783014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52848.524081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                77195807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency       107844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                  1931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    102050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.332873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           1363.445907                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses           77197738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 55848.783014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52848.524081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits               77195807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency      107844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                 1931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    102050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            1931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                     41                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   1905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1363.445907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 77195833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                        7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          173494412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 39420.856412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36414.145718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              173489718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      185041500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 4694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    170928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            4694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               36959.888794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           173494412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 39420.856412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36414.145718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               173489718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency       185041500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  4694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    170928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             4694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.710587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0           1455.283090                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          173494412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 39420.856412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36414.145718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              173489718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency      185041500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 4694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    170928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            4694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   2836                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   4694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1455.283090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                173489718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses            1578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency     82056000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses              1578                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency     63120000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses         1578                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses              5021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 52004.905063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                  1861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency     164335500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.629357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                3160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    126400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.629357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           3160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses             26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency      1352000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses               26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency      1040000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses           26                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses               7                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits                   7                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.593053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses               6599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 52003.271423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                   1861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency      246391500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.717988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                 4738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    189520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.717988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses            4738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.062108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          2035.144824                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1             0.021758                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses              6599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 52003.271423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                  1861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency     246391500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.717988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                4738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    189520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.717988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses           4738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  3138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              2035.166582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    1861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        501924374                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        219431024                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          77165306                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             400                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
