
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1698687                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 228888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   880.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1956075066                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1495700521                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.722333                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1722332515000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          384102189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 24152.982435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 21152.981277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              382374775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    41722200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.004497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses              1727414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  36539956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.004497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         1727414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         149160201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 55999.911625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52999.911625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             147694849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   82059582500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.009824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses             1465352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency  77663526500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses        1465352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 210.741625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           533262390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 38769.450220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35769.449593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               530069624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency    123781782500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.005987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               3192766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency 114203482500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.005987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          3192766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.997759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4086.820737                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          533262390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 38769.450220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35769.449593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              530069624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency   123781782500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.005987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              3192766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency 114203482500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.005987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         3192766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2514362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2518458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4086.820737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                530743932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle             8218050000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                  1463134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses         1068347110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 48626.865672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45626.865672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits             1068344296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      136836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 2814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    128394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            2814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               379653.267946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses          1068347110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 48626.865672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45626.865672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits              1068344296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency       136836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  2814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    128394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             2814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.433368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            887.538061                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses         1068347110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 48626.865672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45626.865672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits             1068344296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency      136836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 2814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    128394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            2814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   2814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                887.538061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs               1068344296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          791044                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 52000.014538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency  41134299500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            791044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency  31641760000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       791044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses           1730228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits               1310327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency   21834852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.242685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses              419901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  16796040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.242685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         419901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses         674308                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency 51989.126631                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency  35056684000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses           674308                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency  26972320000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses       674308                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses         1463134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits             1463134                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  3.424249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses            2521272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 52000.009497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                1310327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency    62969151500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.480291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses              1210945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  48437800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.480291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses         1210945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.111884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.413412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          3666.207378                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         13546.690457                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses           2521272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 52000.009497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits               1310327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency   62969151500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.480291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses             1210945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  48437800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.480291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses        1210945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                664035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                680440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             17212.897835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 2329996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          921653687000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                  481618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       3444665030                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                       1495700521                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         533262345                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             551                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
