
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1810362                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 184036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   332.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              905187706                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   601856964                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.300931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                300930958000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                153970296                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    153965363                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       4933                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                114516673                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    114514042                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       2631                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                39453623                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    39451321                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2302                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               601861917                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   601861897                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        20                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        601861917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        601856964                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         154866966                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              17                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
