
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 340040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                  86943                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.003720                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     3719757                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99860                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53770                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53093                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98032                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          52757                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           98573                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          52922                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           97812                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53065                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           97538                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          52364                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           96539                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          52064                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           97318                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          52275                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
