
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1204056                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 359708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   223.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1705780609                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   269696010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.382077                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                382077495000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           90779450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 15892.283447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12892.283447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               88818730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    31160318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses              1960720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  25278158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.021599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         1960720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          31439751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 56000.038318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 53000.038318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              31204877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   13152953000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.007471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              234874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency  12448331000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         234874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  58.133678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           122219201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 20182.816586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 17182.816586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               120023607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     44313271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.017964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               2195594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  37726489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.017964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          2195594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.995398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4077.149063                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          122219201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 20182.816586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 17182.816586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              120023607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    44313271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.017964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              2195594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  37726489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.017964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         2195594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2062733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2066829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4077.149063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                120152372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle           127446193000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   234826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          217696209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              217695401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       45248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     42824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               269425.001238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           217696209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               217695401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        45248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     42824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.325920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            667.483560                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          217696209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              217695401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       45248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     42824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     24                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                667.483560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                217695401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          106109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 52000.292152                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   5517699000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            106109                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   4244360000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       106109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses           1961528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits               1872381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    4635644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.045448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               89147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   3565880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.045448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          89147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses         128765                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency 51991.115598                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency   6694636000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses           128765                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency   5150600000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses       128765                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          234826                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              234826                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 13.775827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses            2067637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 52000.158766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                1872381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency    10153343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.094434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               195256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   7810240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.094434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          195256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.198864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.350544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          6516.387210                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         11486.611177                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses           2067637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 52000.158766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits               1872381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency   10153343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.094434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              195256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   7810240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.094434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         195256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                109048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                132982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             18002.998387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 1831937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   70890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        764154990                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        269696010                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         122219139                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             444                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
