
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 794629                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 325576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   306.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1194166006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   243835278                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.366435                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                366435406000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           82220434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 14009.690242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11009.690242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               81327577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    12508650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               892857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   9830079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          892857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses               3886                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                   3878                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency         448000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.002059                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                    8                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency       424000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.002059                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses               8                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          22901951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              22806988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    5317928000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.004147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses               94963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   5033039000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.004147                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses          94963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 110.887522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           105122385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 18046.382944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15046.382944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               104134565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     17826578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.009397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                987820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  14863118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.009397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           987820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.871490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           3569.622607                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          105122385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 18046.382944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15046.382944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              104134565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    17826578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.009397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses               987820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  14863118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.009397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          987820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 935475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 939571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               3569.622607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                104186700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle           134379688000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                    94877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          244421512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 55904.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52904.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              244420630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       49308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     46662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               277120.895692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           244421512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 55904.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52904.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               244420630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        49308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     46662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.354611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            726.242454                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          244421512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 55904.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52904.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              244420630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       49308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     46662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                726.242454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                244420630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses           46714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   2429128000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses             46714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   1868560000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses        46714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            893739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                892653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency      56472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.001215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                1086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     43440000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           1086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses          48257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency   2509364000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses            48257                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency   1930280000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses        48257                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses           94877                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits               94877                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 51.559226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             940453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 892653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency     2485600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.050827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                47800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1912000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.050827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses           47800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.010976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.262444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0           359.659901                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1          8599.756547                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            940453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                892653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency    2485600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.050827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses               47800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1912000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.050827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses          47800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                   891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 15559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              8959.416448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  802210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                      41                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        732870812                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        243835278                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         105711442                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             443                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
