
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 109148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 208820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12878.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               84540245                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1405618369                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.088715                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1088715493000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                173332559                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             194142411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect           81910123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted          251618660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                251618660                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.commit.COM:branches               86248929                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_lim_events           8014877                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_limited                    0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples   1942378796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.766863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.200662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0   1072972593     55.24%     55.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1    568760584     29.28%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2    118179777      6.08%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3    122167717      6.29%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4     27965504      1.44%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5      8603273      0.44%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6     11084471      0.57%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7      4630000      0.24%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8      8014877      0.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total   1942378796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:count                1489537512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:loads                 402517247                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:membars                   51356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:refs                  569375203                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:swp_count                     0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          81910123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.commitCommittedInsts     1489537512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2243671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1349352602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1405618369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1405618369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.549091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.549091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          421562233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 14361.598866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  6977.217093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              420657692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    12990655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.002146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               904541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits            666380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1661701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          238161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses               1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency        38025                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        35025                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                   1286                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency        1521000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.030166                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                   40                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      1401000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.030166                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses              40                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         166856630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 37779.329951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36098.948570                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             164660283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   82976518000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.013163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses             2196347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits          1851198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency  12459516000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         345149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                1140.488307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           588418863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 30948.287394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24208.768922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               585317975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     95967173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.005270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               3100888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits            2517578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  14121217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           583310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.999896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4095.574437                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          588418863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 30948.287394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24208.768922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              585317975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    95967173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.005270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              3100888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits           2517578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  14121217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          583310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 509323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 513419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4095.574437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                585548366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              166128000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   341989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles      421912263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts      3394284142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles         753420072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:RunCycles          764076323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles       233540433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles        2970138                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   251618660                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 350290492                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    1175688320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes              10057151                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     3685758924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                87714492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.115558                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          350290492                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          173332559                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.692710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         2175919229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.693886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.844671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               1350521444     62.07%     62.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                247724506     11.38%     73.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 78785496      3.62%     77.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 36714251      1.69%     78.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 82505145      3.79%     82.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 39097939      1.80%     84.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 30045371      1.38%     85.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 19662444      0.90%     86.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                290862633     13.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           2175919229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          350290492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 33351.843100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34801.230992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              350288376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       70572500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 2116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     48060500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               253832.156522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           350290492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 33351.843100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34801.230992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               350288376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        70572500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  2116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     48060500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             1381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.517203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0           1059.231284                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          350290492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 33351.843100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34801.230992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              350288376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       70572500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 2116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits               735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     48060500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            1381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1059.231284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                350288376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1511758                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:branches                126596313                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:nop                     341046394                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:rate                     0.865157                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:refs                    745176720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:stores                  207345254                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.WB:consumers                1478969218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:count                    1850021692                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:fanout                     0.963149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:producers                1424467072                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:rate                       0.849635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.WB:sent                     1860023576                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             88314915                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3103548                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             732453281                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           21345324                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          16485503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            296886262                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2838946953                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             537831466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          95847914                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1883819308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  43195                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  9926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles              233540433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 76384                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads       116246750                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses        24118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation      6075012                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads    329936034                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores    130028306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        6075012                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2827686                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       85487229                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.ipc                               0.645540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.645540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu      1178571095     59.53%     59.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     59.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd       2996630      0.15%     59.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead      570412087     28.81%     88.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite     227687410     11.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total       1979667222                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt               5110932                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate             0.002582                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu            148685      2.91%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult                0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                 0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd          233686      4.57%      7.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp               0      0.00%      7.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt               0      0.00%      7.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult              0      0.00%      7.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv               0      0.00%      7.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%      7.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead          4411963     86.32%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite          316598      6.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples   2175919229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.909807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.157368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0    1068255963     49.09%     49.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1     579314637     26.62%     75.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2     292421261     13.44%     89.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3     161809686      7.44%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4      50369072      2.31%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5      14937591      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6       7897011      0.36%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7        777368      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8        136640      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total   2175919229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:rate                     0.909176                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2476265906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1979667222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            21634653                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1050976502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           1545941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       19390982                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1261656908                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          275258                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 34298.440009                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31164.934352                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   9440920000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            275258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   8578397500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       275258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            239542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34105.753589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31002.482948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                204503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    1195031500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.146275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               35039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1086296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.146275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          35039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses          69939                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency 34214.100859                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31021.876206                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency   2392900000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses            69939                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency   2169639000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses        69939                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          341989                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              341989                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  4.064673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             514800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 34276.681695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31146.590202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 204503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency    10635951500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.602753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               310297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   9664693500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.602753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          310297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.056082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.444448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          1837.702550                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         14563.687199                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            514800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 34276.681695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31146.590202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                204503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency   10635951500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.602753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              310297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   9664693500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.602753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         310297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 84514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 99965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             16401.389748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  406325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   61949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         446168372                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        144446189                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            732453281                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           296886262                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.numCycles                       2177430987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:BlockCycles         18705831                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps     1244779258                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:FullRegisterEvents          818                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IQFullEvents           29460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles         816810065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents       24399902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:ROBFullEvents              4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups     4857699412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts      3052479029                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands   2393152182                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RunCycles          700108886                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles       233540433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles       34052536                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps        1148372924                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles    372701478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts     21719371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:skidInsts          176909620                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts     21553732                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.timesIdled                           44523                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              49                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
