
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 340284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    34.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                  93055                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.003238                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     3238178                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99983                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54267                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53571                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           97642                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          52892                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           97531                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          52364                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98570                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53173                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98261                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          52643                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98464                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          52805                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           97833                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          52922                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
