
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                  56892                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 214340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               28431751                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                      434213                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000217                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   217002500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                   52073                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                66680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             30422                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted             81408                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                   81408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.commit.COM:branches                 25190                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:bw_lim_events              578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.COM:bw_limited                   0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples       347008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.833965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0       262750     75.72%     75.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1        55494     15.99%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2        23803      6.86%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3         1293      0.37%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4          820      0.24%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5          559      0.16%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6         1671      0.48%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7           40      0.01%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8          578      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total       347008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:count                   127984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:loads                    30137                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:membars                   7796                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:refs                     41570                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:swp_count                    0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            30422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts        127984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           8513                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         138030                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     104211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total               104211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.794734                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.794734                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses             28582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 19289.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 17373.563218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits                 28373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       4031500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.007312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses                 209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      3023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.006088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses                71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 21973.684211                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23510.869565                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits                    14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency       1252500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate         0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses                  57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits               11                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      1081500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.647887                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses             46                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses            11362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 24003.906250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15831.818182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits                11234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      3072500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate        0.011266                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses                128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits              18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      1741500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009681                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                708.483871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses              39944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 21080.118694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16776.408451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits                  39607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency        7104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate          0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses                  337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      4764500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_%::0                  0.056939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::0            29.152957                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses             39944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 21080.118694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16776.408451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits                 39607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency       7104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate         0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses                 337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits               53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      4764500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                    31                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse                29.152957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                   21963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks                       1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles         31861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts         361505                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles           170760                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:RunCycles            144226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles          34255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles           161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      81408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    81347                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       236913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        412447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  30579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.205860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             81347                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             52073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.042974                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            390306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.056727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.974128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                  234764     60.15%     60.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   83865     21.49%     81.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   17837      4.57%     86.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   14411      3.69%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                    2742      0.70%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   16550      4.24%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    1358      0.35%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                    2423      0.62%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                   16356      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              390306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses             81347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 18963.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16003.955696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits                 80599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      14184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.009195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses                 748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits              116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     10114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                127.530063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses              81347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 18963.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16003.955696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits                  80599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency       14184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate          0.009195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses                  748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits               116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     10114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses             632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.occ_%::0                  0.191179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::0            97.883584                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses             81347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 18963.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16003.955696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits                 80599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency      14184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate         0.009195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses                 748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits              116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     10114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses            632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                   632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse                97.883584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                   80599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           5147                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:branches                   37149                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:nop                        47058                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:rate                    0.419532                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:refs                       49104                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:stores                     13043                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.WB:consumers                    81150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.WB:count                       162295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.WB:fanout                    0.931855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.WB:penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.WB:penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.WB:producers                    75620                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.WB:rate                      0.410403                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.WB:sent                        162544                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               31026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                40176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              9384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               22433                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             266034                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                36061                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            34221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               165905                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 34255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads           7459                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation          698                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads        10039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores        11000                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           698                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1011                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30015                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.263523                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.263523                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu         141339     70.63%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult             0      0.00%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead         45052     22.51%     93.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite        13735      6.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total          200126                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                  181                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate            0.000904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu               19     10.50%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     10.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead              17      9.39%     19.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite            145     80.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples       390306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.512741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.969063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0       272942     69.93%     69.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1        69416     17.79%     87.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2        25173      6.45%     94.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3        14490      3.71%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4         5424      1.39%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5         2186      0.56%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6          485      0.12%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7          162      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           28      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total       390306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:rate                    0.506068                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    201728                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   200126                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              17248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          77302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                3                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8735                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        33615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7669                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores              92                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads               40176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              22433                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.numCycles                          395453                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps         87600                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles           183597                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups        458439                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts         293451                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands       211386                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:RunCycles            131636                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles          34255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles           645                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps           123786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles        31130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts         9653                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:skidInsts             36749                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts         9784                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                   48405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                65841                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             32660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted             82266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                   82266                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.commit.COM:branches                 25082                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:bw_lim_events              576                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.COM:bw_limited                   0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples       346536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.836481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0       257870     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1        60023     17.32%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2        23680      6.83%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3         1288      0.37%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4          802      0.23%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5          567      0.16%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6         1691      0.49%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7           39      0.01%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8          576      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total       346536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:count                   132317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:loads                    32415                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:membars                   5314                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:refs                     46218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:swp_count                    0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts            32660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts        132317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6025                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         152378                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     111128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total               111128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              3.555675                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        3.555675                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses             28485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 16678.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 14832.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits                 28295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       3169000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.006670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses                 190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      2299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses                65                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 22773.584906                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22782.608696                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits                    12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency       1207000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate         0.815385                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses                  53                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits                7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      1048000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.707692                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses             46                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses            13738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 22585.271318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 14535.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits                13609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      2913500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate        0.009390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses                129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits              17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      1628000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.008153                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                810.166667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses              42223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 19067.398119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 14707.865169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits                  41904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency        6082500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate          0.007555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses                  319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      3927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.006324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_%::0                  0.054820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::0            28.067737                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses             42223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 19067.398119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 14707.865169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits                 41904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency       6082500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate         0.007555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses                 319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits               52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      3927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.006324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                    30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                28.067737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                   24305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks                       1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles         35593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts         394229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles           164873                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:RunCycles            145919                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles          36967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles           151                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      82266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    80954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       235714                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        435938                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                  32818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.208197                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             80954                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             48405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.103263                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            392614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.110348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.081451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                  237879     60.59%     60.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   82939     21.12%     81.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                   12394      3.16%     84.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                   15941      4.06%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                    2706      0.69%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   16830      4.29%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1787      0.46%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                    2412      0.61%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                   19726      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              392614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses             80954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 13933.423913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11485.915493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits                 80218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      10255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses                 736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      7339500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                125.536776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses              80954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 13933.423913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11485.915493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits                  80218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency       10255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate          0.009092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses                  736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits                97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      7339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses             639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.occ_%::0                  0.188794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::0            96.662446                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses             80954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 13933.423913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11485.915493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits                 80218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency      10255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate         0.009092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses                 736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits               97                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      7339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses            639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                96.662446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                   80218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           2521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:branches                   39408                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:nop                        47237                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:rate                    0.449348                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:refs                       53769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:stores                     15425                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.WB:consumers                    88234                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.WB:count                       173934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.WB:fanout                    0.937246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.WB:penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.WB:penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.WB:producers                    82697                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.WB:rate                      0.440189                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.WB:sent                        174194                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts               33269                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                43341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             11749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               27172                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             284714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                38344                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            36975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               177553                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                 36967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads           9839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation          701                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads        10926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores        13369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           701                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1030                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.281241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.281241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu         153538     71.57%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult             0      0.00%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead         44868     20.91%     92.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite        16122      7.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total          214528                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                  186                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate            0.000867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu               24     12.90%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead              17      9.14%     22.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite            145     77.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples       392614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.998842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0       270914     69.00%     69.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1        66150     16.85%     85.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2        30383      7.74%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3        16859      4.29%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4         5420      1.38%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5         2202      0.56%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6          491      0.13%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7          161      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           34      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total       392614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:rate                    0.542923                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    219886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   214528                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              17591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          86635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                4                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         11566                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        36678                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            10938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores              96                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               43341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              27172                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          395135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps         94626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles           180043                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents             1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups        494732                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts         312015                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands       231166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:RunCycles            130989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles          36967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles           619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps           136540                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles        34885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts        11999                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:skidInsts             46061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts        12120                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            278                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                   44089                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                68672                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             42322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted             70853                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                   70853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.commit.COM:branches                 23275                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:bw_lim_events              181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.COM:bw_limited                   0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples       371561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.674594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0       264099     71.08%     71.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1        83154     22.38%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2        22390      6.03%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3          687      0.18%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4          334      0.09%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5          230      0.06%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6          452      0.12%     99.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7           34      0.01%     99.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8          181      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total       371561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:count                   136879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:loads                    41762                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:membars                     84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:refs                     63149                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:swp_count                    0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts            42322                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts        136879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         179861                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     116789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total               116789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              3.716155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        3.716155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses             24665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 30305.031447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24070.175439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits                 24347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       9637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.012893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses                 318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      5488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses                42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 15653.846154                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12653.846154                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits                    16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency        407000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate         0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses                  26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency       329000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses             26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses            21345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 45805.892548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 38962.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits                20768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency     26430000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate        0.027032                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses                577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits             377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      7792500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                162.931818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        66000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses              46010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 40298.324022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31029.205607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits                  45115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency       36067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate          0.019452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses                  895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits               467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     13280500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.009302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_%::0                  0.284939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_%::1                 -0.008000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::0           145.888773                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::1            -4.096255                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses             46010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 40298.324022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31029.205607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits                 45115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency      36067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate         0.019452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses                 895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits              467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     13280500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.009302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                    10                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                   176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse               141.792519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                   28676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks                       6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles         52836                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts         451840                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles           164219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:RunCycles            154431                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles          44292                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles            75                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      70853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    87025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       242792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                20665                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        457882                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                  42477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.163254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             87025                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             44089                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.055013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            415853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.101067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.125993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                  260123     62.55%     62.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   86799     20.87%     83.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    1004      0.24%     83.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                   21052      5.06%     88.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                    1074      0.26%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   20905      5.03%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                     680      0.16%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     710      0.17%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                   23506      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              415853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses             87025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 37067.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35094.029851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits                 86155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      32248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.009997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses                 870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits              200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     23513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                128.781764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses              87025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 37067.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35094.029851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits                  86155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency       32248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate          0.009997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses                  870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits               200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     23513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses             670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.occ_%::0                  0.526442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::0           269.538121                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses             87025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 37067.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35094.029851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits                 86155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency      32248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate         0.009997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses                 870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits              200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     23513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses            670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   363                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse               269.538121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                   86155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.idleCycles                          18153                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:branches                   44503                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:nop                        59775                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:rate                    0.434987                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:refs                       66647                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:stores                     22312                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.WB:consumers                    95172                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.WB:count                       187212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.WB:fanout                    0.972912                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.WB:penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.WB:penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.WB:producers                    92594                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.WB:rate                      0.431358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.WB:sent                        187507                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts               42628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                     24                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                45739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20652                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               43021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             316777                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                44335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            42979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               188787                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     3                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                 44292                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    4                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads          19578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation          197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads         3977                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores        21634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          962                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         41666                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.269095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.269095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu         164239     70.86%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult             0      0.00%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead         44972     19.40%     90.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite        22555      9.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total          231766                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                  133                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate            0.000574                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu               38     28.57%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead              27     20.30%     48.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite             68     51.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples       415853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.557327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.948090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0       281858     67.78%     67.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1        66212     15.92%     83.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2        42876     10.31%     94.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3        21783      5.24%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4         1770      0.43%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5          926      0.22%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6          279      0.07%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7          123      0.03%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           26      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total       415853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:rate                    0.534016                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    236227                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   231766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              20775                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          98225                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               56                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         20216                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            19721                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores             107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               45739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              43021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          434006                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:BlockCycles              32                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps         96356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles           185616                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents             5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups        505980                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts         324358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands       242034                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:RunCycles            133139                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles          44292                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles           355                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps           145678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles        52419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts        20781                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:skidInsts             83231                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts        20770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                   53713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                65870                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             29792                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted             83669                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                   83669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.commit.COM:branches                 25470                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:bw_lim_events              577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.COM:bw_limited                   0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples       350132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.363609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.831936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0       266836     76.21%     76.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1        54270     15.50%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2        24066      6.87%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3         1288      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4          810      0.23%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5          561      0.16%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6         1684      0.48%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7           40      0.01%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8          577      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total       350132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:count                   127311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:loads                    29520                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:membars                   8970                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:refs                     40059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:swp_count                    0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts            29792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts        127311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           9688                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts         134332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     102085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total               102085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              3.876926                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        3.876926                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses             28866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 18882.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16694.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits                 28662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       3852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.007067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses                 204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      2921500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.006062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses                72                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 22155.172414                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24152.173913                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits                    14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency       1285000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate         0.805556                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses                  58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits               12                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      1111000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.638889                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses             46                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses            10467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 23593.023256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15414.414414                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits                10338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      3043500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate        0.012324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses                129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits              18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      1711000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.010605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                701.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses              39333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 20707.207207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16197.552448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits                  39000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency        6895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate          0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses                  333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      4632500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_%::0                  0.053188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::0            27.232391                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses             39333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 20707.207207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16197.552448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits                 39000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency       6895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate         0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses                 333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits               47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      4632500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                    30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                27.232391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                   21040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks                       1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles         30059                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts         353088                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles           174967                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:RunCycles            144955                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles          33628                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles           151                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      83669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    82467                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       239936                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        410532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                  29946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.211405                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             82467                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             53713                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.037284                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            392867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.044964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.945559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                  235421     59.92%     59.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   84908     21.61%     81.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                   20175      5.14%     86.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                   13313      3.39%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                    2697      0.69%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   17066      4.34%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1329      0.34%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                    2421      0.62%     96.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                   15537      3.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              392867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses             82467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 14489.768076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11935.534591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits                 81734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      10621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.008888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses                 733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      7591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                128.512579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses              82467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 14489.768076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11935.534591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits                  81734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency       10621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate          0.008888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses                  733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits                97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      7591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses             636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.occ_%::0                  0.182938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::0            93.664377                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses             82467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 14489.768076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11935.534591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits                 81734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency      10621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate         0.008888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses                 733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits               97                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      7591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses            636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                93.664377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                   81734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           2909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:branches                   36547                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:nop                        47873                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:rate                    0.410224                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:refs                       47615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:stores                     12164                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.WB:consumers                    78764                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.WB:count                       158732                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.WB:fanout                    0.929676                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.WB:penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.WB:penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.WB:producers                    73225                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.WB:rate                      0.401065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.WB:sent                        158983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts               30400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                39543                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              8501                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               20654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             261662                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                35451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            33572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               162357                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                 33628                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads           6568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation          694                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads        10023                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores        10115                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           694                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1033                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         29367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.257936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.257936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu         137441     70.15%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult             0      0.00%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead         45623     23.29%     93.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite        12865      6.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total          195929                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                  186                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate            0.000949                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu               24     12.90%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     12.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead              17      9.14%     22.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite            145     77.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples       392867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.955880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0       276221     70.31%     70.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1        71375     18.17%     88.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2        23368      5.95%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3        13587      3.46%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4         5437      1.38%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5         2194      0.56%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6          490      0.12%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7          161      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           34      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total       392867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:rate                    0.495050                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    196258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   195929                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              17531                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          74909                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                4                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7843                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        33478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6760                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores              87                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               39543                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              20654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          395776                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps         85194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles           186916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents             1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups        447878                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts         290237                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands       204758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:RunCycles            133245                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles          33628                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles           630                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps           119564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles        29341                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts         8772                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:skidInsts             33179                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts         8900                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0                   13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::1                   12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::2                   94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::3                   12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::0 528730.769231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::1 572791.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::2 73122.340426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::3 572791.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1747436.442990                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40312.977099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency             6873500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::1                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::2                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::3                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               4                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                     13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::1                     12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::2                     94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::3                     12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency        5281000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::0      10.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::1      10.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::2       1.393617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::3      10.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total    33.303873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses                  131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                    646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::1                    653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::2                    752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::3                    650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               2701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0   362318.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1   4830916.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::2   63425.601751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::3   2229653.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 7486314.864571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                        566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::1                        647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::2                        295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::3                        637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   2145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency              28985500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.123839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::1              0.009188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::2              0.607713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::3              0.020000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.760740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                       80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::1                        6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::2                      457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::3                       13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits                        4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency         22080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.854489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1         0.845329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::2         0.734043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::3         0.849231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     3.283092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                    552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                  21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::1                  22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::2                  53                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::3                  21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0 62333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1        59500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::2 24698.113208                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::3 62333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 208864.779874                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40038.461538                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency            1309000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::1                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::2                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::3                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              4                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                    21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::1                    22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::2                    53                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::3                    21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total               117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency       4684500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0      5.571429                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1      5.318182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::2      2.207547                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::3      5.571429                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total    18.668586                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses                 117                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0                    9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                        9                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          4.003738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                     659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                     665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::2                     846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::3                     662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0    385580.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1    1992166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::2    65079.854809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::3         1434360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3877187.166637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  40060.029283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                         566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                         647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::2                         295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::3                         637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    2145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency               35859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.141123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               0.027068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::2               0.651300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::3               0.037764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.857255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                        93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                        18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::2                       551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::3                        25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency          27361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0          1.036419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          1.027068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::2          0.807329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::3          1.031722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      3.902537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                     683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_%::0                          0.001067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::1                          0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::2                          0.005570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::3                          0.000152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::4                          0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                    69.921003                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                     3.643564                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::2                   365.031703                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::3                     9.942146                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::4                     5.939892                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                    659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                    665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::2                    846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::3                    662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0   385580.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1   1992166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::2   65079.854809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::3        1434360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3877187.166637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40060.029283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                        566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                        647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::2                        295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::3                        637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   2145                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency              35859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.141123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              0.027068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::2              0.651300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::3              0.037764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.857255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                       93                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                       18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::2                      551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::3                       25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency         27361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0         1.036419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1         1.027068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::2         0.807329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::3         1.031722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     3.902537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                    683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                           535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       454.478308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                            2142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                               0                       # number of writebacks

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
