
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 339964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    41.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 104755                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.004340                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     4339943                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99313                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53538                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99089                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53648                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98494                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          52751                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           98499                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53164                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99037                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53407                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99159                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53566                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98888                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53164                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54267                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
