
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 340176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    30.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 111176                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.003383                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     3383480                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99022                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53581                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99831                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53533                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98646                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53693                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99440                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53404                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99794                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53954                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99737                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53481                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53654                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           98991                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53546                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
