
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                3163275                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 192676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    27.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1583437342                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    88340673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.044221                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 44221003000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 34987415                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     34890015                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      97400                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20366786                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20276638                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      90148                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14620629                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14613377                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7252                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                88442007                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    88438073                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      3934                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         88442007                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                         88340673                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          35321418                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls            4583                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
