
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                3274924                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 275440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    18.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                            99783911231                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    60038305                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.829332                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1829332258000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::0       200303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::0        183141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::0     0.085680                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::0        17162                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17162                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::0         9529487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9529487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::0             7807782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7807782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.180671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::0           1721705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1721705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::0       199282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::0         169415                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       169415                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::0     0.149873                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::0        29867                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        29867                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::0        6152574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::0            5753150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5753150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::0      0.064920                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::0           399424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       399424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                   6.870767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::0         15682061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15682061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::0             13560932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13560932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency               0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.135258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::0            2121129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2121129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses                0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0            511.997802                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::0        15682061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15682061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::0            13560932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13560932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency              0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.135258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::0           2121129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2121129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses               0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2042700                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2043212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.997802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14038433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   428893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020787                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     16062925                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728856                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9710427                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6352498                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1142                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::0        60050143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     60050143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::0            59129922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        59129922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.015324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::0            920221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        920221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  64.264250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::0         60050143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     60050143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::0             59129922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         59129922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency               0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.015324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::0             920221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         920221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses                0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.998467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            511.215243                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::0        60050143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     60050143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::0            59129922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        59129922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency              0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.015324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::0            920221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        920221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses               0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 919594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 920106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                511.215243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 59129922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle             9686972500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.983585                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4979654                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4974648                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5006                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4177      2.17%      2.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175249     91.19%     93.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6771      3.52%     96.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5203      2.71%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192180                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211319                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6357                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74830     40.99%     40.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     243      0.13%     41.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1866      1.02%     42.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105623     57.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182562                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73463     49.29%     49.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      243      0.16%     49.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1866      1.25%     50.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73463     49.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149035                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811927407500     99.05%     99.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                20110000      0.00%     99.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                80238000      0.00%     99.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             17304295000      0.95%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1829332050500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981732                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.695521                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1909                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1738                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   171                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5949                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2097                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.320894                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081545                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      1.402439                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        26834202500      1.47%      1.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1465074000      0.08%      1.55% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1801032773000     98.45%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.016415                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       3658664408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                         60038305                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          16311238                       # Number of memory references
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::1                174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::1                  174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::1             41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::1                1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::1               41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.demand_accesses::0                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::1               41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_hits::0                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::0           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::1                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_misses::0                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::1                 41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_hits                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency             0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1             0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.mshr_cap_events                      0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.occ_%::1                      0.076598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_blocks::1                 1.225570                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.iocache.overall_accesses::0                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::1              41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_hits::0                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::1                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                  0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency                 0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::0          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_misses::0                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::1                41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses                  0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.iocache.replacements                     41686                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full              0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.225570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1685780659017                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.writebacks                       41512                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0               304346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           304346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                 304346                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             304346                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                2659071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2659071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                    1696652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1696652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.361938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                   962419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               962419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::0             29867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         29867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::0                1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::0               29867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           29867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0               95078                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           95078                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                 95078                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             95078                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0               428893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           428893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                   428893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               428893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          1.727246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                 2963417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2963417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0               0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1        no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency      no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                     1696652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                           0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1696652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency                      0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.427468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                   1266765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total               1266765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0                 0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_%::0                          0.077203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::1                          0.384049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                  5059.576308                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                 25169.009297                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                2963417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                      0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2963417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0              0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1       no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                    1696652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                          0                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1696652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency                     0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.427468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                  1266765                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                        0                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total              1266765                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency                0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0                0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1         no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                      0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                       1050724                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                       1081067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     30228.585605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1867269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                     765422500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                          119147                       # number of writebacks
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc      no_value                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle      no_value                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk        no_value                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn       no_value                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi         no_value                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal       no_value                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc      no_value                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle      no_value                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk        no_value                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
